![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1690898/139102180-5c1e2583-14f1-4f58-ab2b-9e3807ed529c.png)

# Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) Technical Committee Working Meeting

- Meeting Date: March 27, 2024
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST)

## Call to Order and Welcome

Meeting called to order @ 18:05 UTC

## Roll call

Quorum was not reached due to inability to register attendees due to OASIS system upgrades.

## Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation                                                 | Role                        |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Voting Member, taking notes |
| Tobias     | Limmer      | Siemens AG                                                  | Voting Member               |
| Martin     | Prpic       | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member               |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Voting Member               |
| Christoph  | Plutte      | Ericsson                                                    | Member                      |
| Michael    | Reeder      | Dell                                                        | Voting Member               |
| Thomas     | Proell      | Siemens AG                                                  | Voting Member               |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member               |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member               |
| Dina       | Truxius     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member               |
| Sonny      | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member               |
| Feng       | Cao         | Oracle                                                      | Voting Member               |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco                                                       | Chair                       |
| Rhonda     | Levy        | Cisco                                                       | Voting Member               |


### Observers present

- Tyler Townes, Blackberry Limited

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed the OASIS Open Notices tab.

### Presenters
Michelle DePalma and Marco Rizzi from RedHat.

## Agenda

- Roll call cannot be done automatically due to the system migration.
- Presentation by Marco Rizzi (along with Michelle DiPalma) from Red Hat on their CSAF implementation
- Review GitHub Issues for TC Discussion:  https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues
- Discuss next steps.
- Adjourn


## Meeting Notes

- [Red Hat Trusted Profile Analyzer](https://developers.redhat.com/articles/2024/03/18/red-hat-trusted-profile-analyzer-now-tech-preview), part of Red Hat Trusted Software Supply Chain, was introduced as a tool to manage SBOMs, vendor VEX and CVE providing developers and devsecops with analysis of the organization’s risk profile. 
  - References:
    - https://www.trustification.io/
    - https://developers.redhat.com/articles/2024/03/18/red-hat-trusted-profile-analyzer-now-tech-preview
    - https://github.com/trustification/trustification/

- Thomas Schmidt – question regarding comparison/matching SBOM and CSAT.
  - Support version ranges? 
    - No not yet. Talking about what VEX does and seeing what is in Quac graph. 
  - Any looking into SBOM/CSAT matching system?  
    - Have not yet but will look into it.  
    - Will investigate if it will be listed on CSAT tool site.  
- Libraries in certifications built in rough draft, do you have them in separate libraries in ecosystem in tools? 
  - Works with content of TPA and part of architecture; it is compliant of what it is expected for this purpose and not available but will cover some basis in content of TPA. 
  - Not suggested to use as a tool for a library now.  
  - Things are moving fast with TPA.  
  - Working on version 2, things evolving so fast maybe sometime in 2024.  
- Thomas Schmidt will the next CSAT version be integrated with them. 
  - It is one of the topics to have it integrated with other tools. 
  - Working on validation part and looking at it for next version integration.  
  - The More reliable the more able to keep the pace.  csaf.io/tools
- Pull request #699 – two weeks to review changes or objections.
- Editor revision for TC meeting 2024-02-28 #699
- Thomas Schmidt to do after the meeting. 
  - Motion to be sent via email.
  - Changed from draft to ready to review – Omar stated.  
    - to merge only editorial.
  - Motion to accept cannot be done due to inability to register and folks who are on call.

- Thomas Schaffer – meeting minutes #706 Add Preconditions items – that are missing.  Option number 2 Thomas Schmidt preferred.   Wanted TC to bring up and discuss.
  - Thomas Schmidt. Supports the change and feels confident about it.
  - No objections or comments.
  - Thomas will bring up via email as a motion.

- TC discussion items:
  - Pull requests:  699 already discussed and will write motion.
  - 701 – minor thing corrects writing of PURL lower case correct in cloud. Reference 579. No vote required for change. Merge into next editor revision.
  - Fix broken link – can’t accept request from non-members.  
    - 704 Add CVRF disclaimer.  Instead of 703.  Thomas Schmidt reviewed, and team is okay with it.
    - If TC is ok will merge.  
    - Thomas okayed it Denny, said ok – Thomas to merge after meeting.
    - Get a comment from Feng, wording for threat score – final comment and will put in next editorial revision.
  - 707 CVSS 4.0 
    - Looked at files and noticed text changed – had name change from different version.  Missing confirmation from Feng if correct?
    - Feng said sounds good.
  - Thomas to update in next version.712 CPE test.
    - Testing tools.
    - No voting required.
    - No objection Thomas to merge after call.
  - Will put motion on email to look at #714 pull request.
    - Editorial revision, take another 2 weeks to review and if no objections to merge changes.
  - Michal Reeder wants an update on 662 – Add remediation category “fix_planned”– clarification of 665 includes 662 – suggest commenting on 665 request an update if integrated.  
    - Review 665 again and see if team is satisfied and if ok with options provided there.  Flags should be applicable in our case.  
    - Advises keeping them separate.
    - Vulnerabilities Property – Remediation 665 
    - Thomas Schimdt would like to look into this more/again. 
    - Michael Reeder - Use case – disclose 3rd party components CVEs info are not available to published yet.  CSAF – CVEs not available yet and no information yet at that point.  Go to Mitre instead of Mist.
From Martin: https://github.com/CVEProject/cvelistV5
If in Mitre, then can use VEX.



## Adjourn

- The meeting was adjourned @ 19:05 UTC

**Note**: All monthly meetings take place on the last Wednesday of each month at 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST).
The next meeting will be held on April 24, 2024.  
