![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1690898/139102180-5c1e2583-14f1-4f58-ab2b-9e3807ed529c.png)

# Common Security Advisory Framework (CSAF) Technical Committee Working Meeting

- Meeting Date: February 28, 2024
- Time: 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EDT, 10:00 PST)

## Call to Order and Welcome

Meeting called to order @ 18:04 UTC

## Roll call

Quorum was not reached due to inability to register attendees due to OASIS system upgrades.

## Participants

| Given Name | Family Name | Affiliation                                                 | Role                        |
|:-----------|:------------|:------------------------------------------------------------|:----------------------------|
| Stefan     | Hagen       | Individual                                                  | Voting Member, taking notes |
| Tobias     | Limmer      | Siemens AG                                                  | Voting Member               |
| Martin     | Prpic       | Red Hat                                                     | Voting Member               |
| Justin     | Murphy      | DHS Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA) | Voting Member               |
| Christoph  | Plutte      | Ericsson                                                    | Member                      |
| Michael    | Reeder      | Dell                                                        | Voting Member               |
| Thomas     | Proell      | Siemens AG                                                  | Voting Member               |
| Thomas     | Schaffer    | Cisco Systems                                               | Voting Member               |
| Thomas     | Schmidt     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member               |
| Dina       | Truxius     | Federal Office for Information Security (BSI)               | Voting Member               |
| Sonny      | van Lingen  | Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd.                               | Voting Member               |
| Feng       | Cao         | Oracle                                                      | Voting Member               |
| Omar       | Santos      | Cisco                                                       | Chair                       |
| Rhonda     | Levy        | Cisco                                                       | Voting Member               |


### Observers present

- Tyler Townes, Blackberry Limited

Note: Observers of this committee that are ready to become Members should follow the specific instructions displayed the OASIS Open Notices tab.

## Agenda

- Roll call cannot be done automatically due to the system migration.
- Once email is back online, we will put a motion to approve [Meeting Minutes of 2024-01-31](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/blob/master/meeting_minutes/2024/2024-01-31.md)
- Review GitHub Issues for TC Discussion:  https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues
- Discuss next steps.
- Adjourn


## Meeting Notes

- [Pull Request 704](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/704) 
  - Add CVRF disclaimer.
  - In response to an ask whether the team would like to vote on this today or March or a following meeting, there were no comments from members. 
  - Since Thomas Schmidt is on parental leave will not send out email. 

- [Pull Request 699](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/699)
  - Stefan said that on the left-hand column – will look like how it will be published.  We do not diminish reader experience.  Would like members [to take a look at the draft](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/blob/editor-revision-2024-02-28/csaf_2.1/prose/share/csaf-v2.1-draft.md)
  - Pull request will stay in draft until review to be completed in two weeks.  
  - Thomas Schmidt agrees. 
  - By second week of March two weeks from today March 13th, pull request 699 – action item owned by Omar.

- [Pull Request 707](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/pull/707)  
  - Feng will take a look at this pull request.  
  - Merge into editor revision is ok with Feng and team.  
  - For this one editorial it is ok – Feng said it looks good.  
  - Omar to merge after the call. 

 
- [Issue 693 ](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/693) and [Issue 694](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/694) in version 2.1.
  - TC should fix in 2.1 or another version.
  - For current implementations, errata may be needed.
  - Not a feature. Change schema update and apply as basically a fix version of that. 
  - Any validators would have to be edited to change schema.  
  - Fix both errors is the recommendation. 
  - Not sure if qualifies as a non-material change?
  - If it is a material change, then it will affect the ISO for CSAF and potential hinder activity.  
  - If non-material it will do not do any harm.  
  - Who would make the judgement?  Check with OASIS.  Stefan is familiar with this.  
  - Thomas says it is a lower risk and can silently fix it in CSAF 2.1. 
  - We could put a motion in email and close discussion.  
  - Any comments from TC – discuss at a later time 2.1.  
  - Thomas: Motion to address in CSAF 2.1
  - Second: Justin and Martin.

- [Issue 665](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/665) Vulnerabilities Property – Remediations.
- Thomas Proell
  - Old ticket – solution outlined on Pull request notes.  
  - Will see if this makes sense and would like team to look through the information. 
  - New way of describing patches in a more precise way.  
  - Would like to discuss at the next meeting. 
  - Currently it is not defined at all and a big mess as every vendor does it differently. 
  - No clear definition, patch, workaround or mitigation. 
  - Feng suggested that we use something else.  
  - Code change or code fix from patch.   
  - Likely hood and impact – will look at those terms; and Thomas Proell will make changes and put in transition route.  
  - Thomas Schmidt would like team to put in changes for next meeting and discuss next time if there are any open questions. 
  - Discuss ticket 665 and propose changes for vulnerability properties.

- [Issue 678](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/678) Warning/Error for signature expirations – Thomas Schimdt 
  - Done in Linux distributions and would have same process here are the expectations from documentations. 
  - Suggest adding to guidance to CSAF 2.0 and mandatory description in section 7 as a requirement in 2.1. 
  - Not voting and no objections from TC.  
  - Put for a minimum of at least 30 days. Not exact. No objections for CSAF recommendation guide.  
  - Thomas Sch to do in the next month or so?
  - Omar to suggest wording when ready. Add comment in 2.0 and specification of 2.1.  editors can work on that.   
  - Review and comment on the suggestion to make signatures valid for a minimum of 30 days.


- [Issue 706](https://github.com/oasis-tcs/csaf/issues/706) Add “Preconditions” item
  - Someone from Bosch noticed an issue.  
  - Allows that you can prepending strings.
  - TC agreed to look at this between meetings.  
  - Thomas prefers option 2 and less work but wants team to weigh in. 
  - Is this something that we need and adds value to advisories and customers.  
  - Please look at ticket 706 and make comments please.  


## Adjourn

- The meeting was adjourned.

Note: All monthly meetings take place on the last Wednesday of each month at 18:00 UTC (19:00 CET, 13:00 EST, 10:00 PST).
The next meeting will be held on March 27, 2024.  
